SHITHEAD RULES:
===============

Shithead is played with a deck of 52 cards (2..10, J, Q, K, A in clubs, spades,
diamonds, and hearts).
With more than 4 players additional decks (whole or partial) are added.


Preparation:

The SHITHEAD of the last round shuffles the cards and deals 3 cards face down
in front of each player (don't pick up).
On top of the 1st 3 cards he then deals another 3 cards face up for each
player.
Finally, he deals another 3 cards face down to each player and puts the
remaining cards as draw stack on the table.
The last 3 cards are picked up by the players and may be freely exchanged with
the open cards lying in front of them (The basic strategy is to have good cards
on the table for the end game).


The play:

The player with the worst card on hand (usually the 4 of clubs) starts the game
by playing this card as start of the discard pile. He may also play any number
of cards with the same rank as the first one (e.g. 4 of spades and 4 of hearts)
and then refill his hand to 3 cards. Again he may play cards of the same rank
as the 1st card, if he draws them during refilling his hand, but still has to
fill up his hand to 3 cards.
Now the game continues clockwise, with each player playing at least one card
and then refilling his hand up to 3 cards (as long as there are cards in the
draw stack).
If a player cannot play cards (see rules for playing a card below), he takes
all the cards from the discard pile onto his hand (but he does not have to take
a  card from the draw stack) and play continues with the next player, who
starts a new discard pile with an arbitrary card.
After the draw stack has been emptied the players first try to get rid of their
hand cards and then of their table cards, with the last 3 cards played blind.
Play continues till all but one player have gotten rid of their cards.
The last player with cards is SHITHEAD and deals for the next game (while the
player who got rid of his cards first, has time to go to the restrooms and to
get another round of beers).


Rules for playing cards:

- cards played must be of same or higher rank than the top card of the discard
  pile (suit doesn't matter).

- the natural ranking is 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, J, Q, K, A but some of the
  cards have a special meaning.

- It is allowed to play multiple cards of the same rank at the same time.

- If a card with the same rank as the top discard pile card shows up during
  refilling the hand, it may also be played immediately and another refill card
  has to be drawn.

- If 4 or more cards of the same rank happen to be on top of the discard pile,
  the discard pile is killed and the current player plays another card to start
  a new discard pile.

- If a player with no cards on hand, has to take the discard pile because he
  cannot play one of his open table cards, he also takes one of the table cards
  (or several of the same rank) onto his hand.


Special cards:

   2: can be played on any card => resets the discard pile rank.

   3: can be played on any card, but is transparent => the discard pile keeps
      the rank of the last non-3 card.

   7: the next player has to play a rank of 7 or below (2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7). No
      10s allowed.

   8: the next player is skipped.

   10: may be played on any card except 7 and kills the discard pile => same
       player starts a new discard pile.

   Q: must be covered => same player plays another card (any) on top of the
      queen.

   K: reverses the direction of play.
  
